Prisma Cloud DSPM (#36393)
demisto/content: Packs/DSPM/Integrations/DSPM/DSPM_description.md

#### Integration Author: Prisma Cloud DSPM
#### Prisma Cloud DSPM
Remediate your data security risks. Integrate with Prisma Cloud DSPM to fetch your data security risks and remediate them with OOTB playbooks.

##### Details for Prisma Cloud DSPM workflow

Configure the instance by providing following mandatory details:
### Prisma Cloud DSPM
- Name of the instance
- Prisma Cloud DSPM server URL
- DSPM API Key
- Lifetime for slack notification ( in hours)
- Default Slack user for notifications

#### Prisma Cloud DSPM
 - To retrieve DSPM API Token, login to [Prisma Cloud DSPM Portal](https://login.dig.security/).
 - In the Prisma Cloud DSPM side menu, click **Settings**, and go to the **API** tab.
 - Enter a meaningful name and a description for the API, and click **Create Key**.

>  - In the pop-up, click Copy API Key to copy the key, and click **Done**. ([more info](https://docs.dig.security/docs/create-an-api-key))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - In the pop-up, click **Copy API Key** to copy the key, and click **Done**. (Click [here](https://docs.dig.security/docs/create-an-api-key) for more information.)
```

## Test Configuration

> After providing the mandatory details, please test the configuration using the Test button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After providing the mandatory details, click **Test*** to test the configuration.
```
